Machine learning guide 10.13 (#296)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/machine-learning/welding-defect-detection-bundle/prerequisites.md

---
title: Prerequisites
layout: redirect
weight: 20

aliases:
  - /predictive-analytics/welding-defect-detection/#prerequisites
---

Download the following: [WeldingDefectDetectionDemoProject.zip](/files/zementis/WeldingDefectDetectionDemoProject.zip). The archive contains the entire project:
- Python notebook for training the model
- Pre-processing and post-processing Python scripts needed to create the inference pipeline
- Test images for scoring once the pipeline is deployed
- Data used to train the model and evaluate performance
- An example model that is already trained and can be used to create a pipeline

Running the demo requires:

* Prior experience with Python and understanding of the data science processes.
* Familiarity with {{< product-c8y-iot >}} and its in-built apps.

> * Subscription of the MLW, Zementis, ONNX microservices (10.13.0.x.x or higher) and Machine Learning Workbench, as well as the Machine Learning applications on the tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Subscription of the MLW microservice, the Zementis microservice, the ONNX microservices (10.13.0.x.x or higher) the Machine Learning Workbench application and the Machine Learning application on the tenant.
```
